xscreensaver.splash: false

!font settings
xscreensaver.Dialog.headingFont:        -*-inconsolata-bold-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
xscreensaver.Dialog.bodyFont:           -*-inconsolata-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
xscreensaver.Dialog.labelFont:          -*-inconsolata-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
xscreensaver.Dialog.unameFont:          -*-inconsolata-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
xscreensaver.Dialog.buttonFont:         -*-inconsolata-bold-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
xscreensaver.Dialog.dateFont:           -*-inconsolata-medium-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
xscreensaver.passwd.passwdFont:         -*-inconsolata-bold-r-*-*-12-*-*-*-*-*-*-*

!general dialog box (affects main hostname, username, password text)
xscreensaver.Dialog.foreground:         white_light
xscreensaver.Dialog.background:         black_dark
xscreensaver.Dialog.topShadowColor:     black_light
xscreensaver.Dialog.bottomShadowColor:  black_light
xscreensaver.Dialog.Button.foreground:  white_light
xscreensaver.Dialog.Button.background:  black_light

!username/password input box and date text colour
xscreensaver.Dialog.text.foreground:    white_light
xscreensaver.Dialog.text.background:    black_light
xscreensaver.Dialog.internalBorderWidth:24
xscreensaver.Dialog.borderWidth:        20
xscreensaver.Dialog.shadowThickness:    2

!timeout bar (background is actually determined by Dialog.text.background)
xscreensaver.passwd.thermometer.foreground:  red_dark
xscreensaver.passwd.thermometer.background:  white_light
xscreensaver.passwd.thermometer.width:       8

!datestamp format--see the strftime(3) manual page for details
xscreensaver.dateFormat:    %I:%M%P %b %d

!disable new login
xscreensaver.newLoginCommand:
